Call with yogesh v-20260107_105629-Meeting Recording
January 7, 2026, 5:26AM
1h 3m 4s

yogesh v started transcription

yogesh v   0:10
Yeah. So actually, you're Balan, NSL don't know, link on the conversion. That job roller A as in it's it's different role.
So Adabati basically no. So I don't know either my export money or skills like transfer to its store will set up a training plan using Gemini guide learning cloud skills. So so knowledge based knowledge graph apply into real time project. Really the production and the customer acquisition.
Product thinking and the system thinking. Then we need to create some CHEAT SHEET mind map flow for competency system, product customers, business tools, techniques and approaches. So apply into PLP. What is that PLP UI? No, we wouldn't do this whole concept.
Other based meal learning tool, Mario OK, are they full form in it? People planning platform. OK personally planning platform, I'm like, OK, OK, OK. I'm playing to personally planning platform collaborate with BK.
OK, so firstly we organise the context provider.
I know product using cloud scale cursor.
OK. So are they gonna? It doesn't have a part long. OK, OK, so now.
What we will discuss, so you pay in the level of us to initiate understand money.
I can come.
OK, OK. So document. OK. OK.
Screenshot nirav.
In.
I'm not personal. What do you know in the model M2M1M2M1 Pro?
Not a lot of this point again. Oh, smooth at home.
Uh.
The.
Other context on the context then we will take the next action technical breakdown already.
OK.
None.
Doing something.
That's niceline.com space for me, interactive or platform. I'm not my video, I'm over contact user devotion gate.
On the learning examples, gap analysis and harassment.
That teammates video or four times user to our questions get our understanding you.
Then I wouldn't join a actual content account. Even when OK yeah.
OK.
OK, either the object you want to have a quick.
Malibu then?
On the left of now, Bharat, OK.
This discussion is about documenting documents and this is insight from 2 sessions regarding the development 81 tool for upcoming hackathon. OK, focusing on the concept of flow intelligence and it's.
Application in education and engineering workflow. The team is hiding a solution for Google. I have learning of professional development, the core concept to solve. So our employee intelligence, the ability to solve problem and learn new concepts rapidly without a prior.
Leveraging there is lost a knowledge basis, OK? The discussion covered several potential project. OK either on the last OK. OK.
OK, OK. Yeah, this is fine.
In our.
OK, now I'm recorded text, either one there.
OK.
Hello.
Hi bus travelling.
It said OK on the like nano became.
OK.
Bye.
Out of the out on the tone or two minutes more than on the run, we look at the.
Yeah.
Then the.
Welcome.
In the call 11 to 12, Vikram.
And then.
We will see. Then we will reflect it.
In energy in the alternate this.
Sunday, Sunday. Must. Yeah, we can do Saturday, Sunday also.
It's multiple and all the rest time.
Actually it is true and it is fun from now. OK well.
Morning.
People on the document about that. Hmm. Fluid intelligence plus. Hmm. Crystal PLP. No, no, nine PLP may OC garamista. Get out of there. You know first nice landing.
OK.
But connect many but then there no only are.
It's down.
That's it. I'm regarding it. OK. And the group will be getting slap. No, no, no, no. That's it. Only nine week one talk. All group are created on.
No, it's a group.
OK, but the document, the document localised CT software? That's like the local edge.
Let's beat local, OK.
So in this right, you've got the oral idea, right? Yeah. You'll explore only the UI part in the UI part. We were discussing about the based fluent documentation that one and the last part we were discussing. Right. We tried to have some 2-3 views and he's editing the content.
Like to guided learning and making questions for each context. Then, So what about last thing I discussed with that actual core logic implementations is doing it and he's exporting files in the form of Jason and existence.
On delta. So this one I understood we are going to apply fluid intelligence and we have one part like and the TMD editor kind of thing and one more core is we have the personalised planning platform. So what we are going to provide is.
Let's consider that is some on our video. We are going to give some individual in between breaks and we will ask interactive questions. Yes, that is the core idea. The interactive questions and the responses responses then summarise it in the mind map.
The view. OK, right. See. Basically we're going and fetching the very, very code part of.
The knowledge what is the core part of knowledge is our language. Yes, the language I know you and he it's maybe common understanding. Understanding. Yes. Understanding. So what is intelligence understanding? No, no, no different. 3 iterations in five words.
OK.
Inter, did you put MD on that day? No. We need to reflect it. No, we didn't even put right. No, no, we didn't get 10 days. We were being just presenting in some laptops. They asked to the prompt. Ashik asked the prompt. That's it. OK. We need to reflect.
OK, that reflection, So what is how do you define intelligent signal five or six between words between that one on the day centric 2 words it is coming to my mind on this very core part for me I to disting distinguish.
Distinguish the differences, distinguish between the intelligence between differences between differences and common things between things. Then you can tell he's explaining about intelligence and the word evidence and one solter. OK, super. That's all right. OK.
OK, so which means why I born as a child? I don't know anything. I interact with my parents. I learned some language, some habits. I learn some skills. I come to school with my friends.
I learned something new. How do I learn new? So what I know so far? Then I'm hearing something new. Word. Something that that's with the one word my friend is saying. Love you. That's what he'll tell. Love you. What is what? Friends will tell me.
You're so mean. Mm-hmm. OK. I am a child. Six years old. Child, I'm coming from home. I'm going to school first today due to some interactions, my one of my friend asked me. You're so mean.
How many points will you know going forward? Gokul will review with you and car.
So I'm in the school sitting. I heard the statement. You are so mean. I don't understand. In the end of the day, I'm going to go. I'm asking my mom. Hey, mom. What is the mean? Hey, Mom will try to understand. In what context? You you guys got into this statement. Then the kid will explain me and my friend was interacting.
We get into situation where the my friend told me that I did so and so things my friend didn't like it and he told that he was so mean. What is the meaning of mean then mom would like to explain it AC beta one month back we had an incident. There was a situation.
Like there was some misunderstanding and there two people have different opinions, right? One person, but they are different.
Right. So one person's opinion may look like as a me to the other person, but both are right from their own perspective. I get Mom will try to give the explanation for that context for that word meaning by keeping some analogies to the incident that already happened. So that can be able to cannibal easily connected.
And keep can able to think how to go and resolve it right? How to conflict the how to resolve the conflict right? So core part is language.
So our language, so if consider a software like we are hiring somebody is coming to the team, the workflow audio following process, technical skills what is required almost 80% is new for them and how they will adapt.
Right. First they need to understand our process, our communication. They need to understand it. So for each word, what we use in the conversation, they need to deep dive and understand the meaning with respect to their existing knowledge base.
That is what intelligence I know something, but I learned I I am coming up across some new situation, new words, new statements, new contacts. How do I make that new statement compare the new statement with my existing things and to make that difference? Oh, I know this.
But this is additional on top of this and this is something similar. Analogies like that they can able to understand it so that they can able to follow and apply in their daily life.
Thank you, intelligence.
How do you define it list so we have work with the two analysis kind of two stories they sent, right? The code parties.
Distinguish difference differences right between entities and relationships. Common everything the specifications. Generic things will be done then very specific thing, right? Your emotions, your understanding, right this is.
You can put together and say intelligent. Then if in the flow rate firstly what we'll know.
Learn is first word, then understand, right? We take out some meaning out of it. Then we reason it, we will ask questions. Hey, why this? Why not this? Then we can able to judge correctly. Then we can able to take a decision right? Then we can build a skill set.
Then we can solve a real problem.
Right. Still, solving a real time function is intelligence. OK, you got it? Yeah.
Perfect. So now let's go back to the we'll be zooming 10 minutes back. Whatever we're discussing, we need to develop the UI document custom drive or use open source platform so that.
If there's a technical context which explains about the software engineering.
And after 10 minutes, it's covered. One topic is covered in that. Then stop it, then use the reasoning questions. Then the candidate will response. Yeah, but again, candidate will ask some more question. I don't understand this. Explain in simple terms. Then again we'll make calls.
Then we will update those things in different views, right. We'll try to put the layers what we are learning now on your like the layer one layer to layer three like that does it so that they can able to see everything as A1, NSC, quantum, NSC, OK, right. So you can use 3 views, 5 is completely personalised.
You guys understand? Yeah. Yeah. So this will be very. This is a must platform. Why we are doing this when we are changing the workflow which means like we have traditional software engineering workflow.
Like you understand, read the specifications, memorise it, build the knowledge, listen to somebody the team team will understand that you will. The leads will enhance their understanding. Then they'll try to descend the system. They'll understand the user paying points. They'll derive the specifications, right.
On specifications. Then again, they'll go for architecture design. They develop test, release in tenants, customer bug again find you. This is a loop.
Right. So we keep all the things whatever discussed now is one part of the brain. Then we'll jump into the code. We'll write it. These are the problems I'm writing code. The code. We'll take inputs. Code is very deterministic. It's computation, right? So.
It will take import process, it will output. It's very much fixed right? It's dynamic but it's it's not very fluid but if you take a cognition who our engineers right we are just we're pouring right but our brain is.
It's it's not computation, it's cognition, right? It can able to zoom in to specific case. It can write a code, it can zoom out under it, can able to understand the entire contacts or user can give you this input or user can give this input wrongly or user may not give the response.
Right, zoom out. It can able to ID it all. The use process. Then you can try to handle the core extended non functional equivalence, right? This is what our cognitive cognitive picture. OK, right. So the traditional whatever we discussed now is a traditional way. But now agency play.
So in all the phases the same thing, but in each phase of engineering, what percentage of agent take assistance we are going to take it to accelerate the process. Oh requirement is there. I know the high level context. I'm going to keep it right. I spent some 10% effort.
That remaining 40% agent agent A will develop it 50% of requirement is done. I visualise it, the 50% understand it, validate it, find unit, then I'm taking a 50% requirement, right. I'm like giving my goal to do the design. Yeah, I want to develop a modular application.
They would apply into my two or three products. I have a USB wireless power charging sniffer. These are the requirements I have down the line for the next three years, but I'm going to develop a very robust modular platform. Then I'm going to build modular components on top of it so that when technology evolves, requirement changes. I've been able to easily address my requirement changes.
Like that, you you your inputs your domain problems, then you'll try to take this is some 10% or 20% of the design you give it to your a system that will give you something that you consider like 50% of the design is done. You will find to validate it right some 6070% you will make sure you are making the progress.
Right. Then again, you'll take that until you release a solution. You'll try to implement it for implementing. Again, you'll ask for the a agent, make a plan implementation plan, parallel plan, right UI back end, database integration, everything parallel four or five plans. It'll go everything then.
Again, in the development, we will give the context 10%. It will make some 50% effort. Then we will validate it, then we'll see the results. We'll benchmark it, functional, not function requirements. How it is realised in the report.
From the design, the traceability requirements to design to development, to testing, to reports everything is traceable. Then you're getting a full visualisation right. So from the beginning of the top I copy we.
It.
In our measurement, very average measurement approximate measurement you reason only 70% accuracy. Hmm. So why you will not get under percent accuracy in the first titration? Why?
In general or it doesn't in general?
Because in all in my last 10 minutes, I was telling 10% fifty percent, 60% not paying attention or we will pay the attention. But in my mind parallely my mind will ask multiple questions. When you're explaining the scenario I got the core idea I was trying to understand whenever.
You are saying something, right? My mind is going to some other topic. Time to connect why this is we need to do in this way or?
How we are going to arrange the solution? It should not be in this way but it started to think in that way. Yeah, exactly one of the 10 minutes. I'm throwing a lot of contacts throwing a lot of statements, jumping, jumping, switching the context, zooming out, zooming and zooming in. When I was saying number and zooming it. Yeah switching requirement designing and zooming.
Out right. So your mind will trying to see hey has to zoom in how I'm going to design it. Yes, it's pattern. I'm going to zoom out it's pattern. Hey Microsoft we sell right. I got it zooming in. So what I have it's not problem it may be problem with you guys or it may be a problem with mine also.
I should not. I should not throw the entire flow like this or I can also say like I I can also say that hey, this is a vision. I'm setting it vision right? I am not entering any of this. So you can or something or you execute it, yeah.
I'm sharing this to generator vision so you guys have freedom to go on. Just put your mind in very, very, very open space and do whatever you want, but do a reflection. Yes, right. This call. If you do a reflection, connect all the dots you can able to understand the vision. So vision you can able to understand in 5 minutes or 10 minutes.
This discussion take it for two weeks. Then you can able to get some sense out of the vision. You will have a lot of questions. Write up questions again we'll do ideations, brainstorm. Then we can able to get the vision on top of the brain. So all three can able to talk the same language.
Why you have to communicate the mission in the 1st place. Children should be in the same space during execution. We communicate, right?
We execute build systems and we verify systems, right? So but all three of us have to do the same communication, right? So that we need to have the same mission. Only then whatever you are telling trying to communicate, I can understand. Same applies to all three Chris Cross.
Right. Do you understand the reason? No. Yeah. So why is 70%? Why not 20% in the iteration one? Because of this thing, probably this is one of the reason. What is other other possible reasons?
How does the human brain, how many years it took to about to reach this stage from the stage it was before? From the 8 right from the monkey, our brain, it came to a technology where you can able to send a rocket. It can plan. It is.
Doing.
Some crazy things like sitting in data centre in the space, right? What how it is involved, how much time it took lakhs of years, so billions of years, billions of years now. But from AP to this, I don't know from the evolution from origin to this billions of years, but from AP to this I don't know. Few thousand years I don't know.
So human brain it always I do things things from different aspect, right. Try try to some understand the gravity why Apple is falling right from the the what equations derived. But then we are applying into engineering then we are seeing bringing technology.
Right. What's applying that? We brought flight invented flight aircraft and it means of communication simpler, right?
Everything is a evolution iterations in the. We cannot do that, right? So if we have a thinking that I'm going to direct the requirements going through the phases and then I'm going to release a product to customer, it sucks. It will suck, right?
So this is a pattern that we have been following our brain. So you go with 50%, you are understanding end to end when you test it, you generate the artefacts metadata, you're logging in the debugger file, it will view this is output. This is this. This output. Each functions are verified.
It's a nonfunctional requirements, also verified this is a gap is there now I will see. How do I fine tune my architecture like development techniques? Yeah. Requirements. Also sometimes software engineering the loop right there was some article, right? Yeah. So we keep cognition and computation. This is a competition and this is competition.
Our brain is a cognition. This is competition. But when we communicate, interact, collaborate both and build a system, right? So there has to be some connection, right? So we think something and but the system want to be realised is different. Mm-hmm. So it has to go for iteration. Version 2, Iteration 2, iteration 3.
Then we can able to complete the loop and get reach at least 9095% accuracy OK but still 5% or 10% is still open. Why? Where is that?
I think you'd rather go to evolution. Yeah, that is a solution. OK, but what is? What is that missing part here, which I didn't cover? Maybe one or two. Send one or two words. I might have told before in the vision. OK. Which which part is missing to get the 100% or 99% from 90 to 95%?
Yeah.
You want understanding? Yeah. Different aspect. Human means. Who is it? Human. OK, let's let us go to the context. You're we are the we are building the system. Brian, you're using cognition, cognition.
System here, helping to accelerate realise the solution right. This is a competition. Who? Who else? Human. You mean human? By engineers, developers, actual consumers, users, users and so users.
The Do you think user knows his problems? Everything. No, no, no. Give me some instances.
Some real time analysis. Can you do me this human? Do not know that. What is their problem exactly?
Most of the humans will not think about the problems in the first analysis analogies.
I'm a user. I'm using some word apps or I'm using.
Laptops I'm using like I'm booking something in the Airbnb I'm travelling, going and staying and coming back lot of process I have to go through.
Right. Or I'm going to a doctor, right? I'm telling the symptoms. I'm having headache, right?
Then Doctor will ask questions. What you did yesterday, what you did date before yesterday. What is the temperature, the last series of questions? Then you write it right or this is that might be like you might have exposed to two some cold air. See some change. Right. The temperature draw right. He will write that in triple.
I cannot able to tell hey two days back I exposed to the cold climate. Now I'm getting a cold but I don't know my problem. I'm user I'm going to my the the Doctor will ask serious of questions from that doctor. We can diagnose one or two possible solutions. He'll give medication.
He will knock out one by one, then finally he can able to connect it. It's a loop, right? He'll be some medication. So what's known that you're going consuming medication and again it maybe get resolved or if it's not resolved, we'll go back to the doctor. What doctor will tell? Oh, I have 3 possible diagnosis 1.
They checked it. No, it's not working and then I'll be second set of medications. He'll tell. I'll increase those unchanged that this something like that. Then it may work. Then he will go for he still if it is not work, he'll tell. They go for consulted different doctors. Not after. What is that?
Different test mean with different test go for it's rate or local type of diagnosis. It's a loop right?
So for my back then, I consulted more than 16.
Make cleaning some medications. I made the colour for the then answer for the right each certain things I cannot able to connect. What solution it has given to me but certain things give me some 20 percent 30%.
What is it solution so I have to blend so finally some four or five solutions I would adapt like later and I have to understand my body then in the time I need to do this exercise in this position I need to maintain I should not see it for long term. I should sleep in this posture.
All those things while driving I should not try for a long time. After one hour take a break, I just find a lot of techniques applied for running F then I get rid of my back pain being chronic to some somewhat controlled.
Level, right? So it took this much a year for me more than eight years, more than 16 consultations. Different then learning about myself to find a solution.
So I'm a user, right? So there is a system mitigation system. Is AI am a user took 16 years right? There is no solution. Maybe now with the AI they may able to understand every each and every nodes or maybe get down the line after 5, four or five years.
They can able to within one or two weeks they can able to access different problems and instead of 16 years different things we are to unify the medication. So it's a different option completely in different some other time. Right. So in user you said do not know what is a problem so.
We're taking first right is giving to the user. The user will see, he'll give a feedback. Yes. Yeah, I see something here, but if it's something, if you have one more extra volume with this information, I think it will be value added form I think. Then again we'll add it second itation second itation. Then you'll ask. Yeah. I need a voice input. You have so much puts. Simplify it.
You're more than excess. Apparently you're more than 30 user inputs. You simplify it right then first level it's only 5. What is your level? You're working on? Protocol physical power. Then accordingly, we will go expose the remaining or we have voice interaction. You define your problem. I know the knowledge base of the specification.
I will come and give you suggestions. These are the things you need to verify and verify your in the behaviour right. Those kind of things we can bring in so that we can reduce the customer's time and effort to solve their problem.
Right, this is just an interesting. Similarly any problem trying to solve product thinking understanding users. So it's it's like this how sooner you're going to the customer taking the feedback, applying it, applying data then only you'll come up with some 95% to 99%.
Accuracy. OK, right. When customer changes problems with this, the system goes running forever.
Correct. You guys got the vision service with the UI for that. Yeah, building the core engine, it'll break system, some static content, but the some part we are we we are work one or two problems at a time.
Mm-hmm. Right. The content generation part is working on it. Content generation when you are talking about that right, I can able to connect me and Vaishnavi and Hitesh have been trying to use that paragraph by paragraph data generation right from the transcription.
That don't need that of connecting with it is coming, it is coming.
Yeah, because this is very, very important. If you ask me to do the same story after two days, I no one can able to do right make reach 80% or I may reach 70% or there is a very less possibility I may go on 30%.
But the amount of sunlit the energy I spent with you, this going finding information from different neurons and putting it on, currently giving kids right, it's energy.
Right. I consumed the 50% of my cognition loads for today, right?
Yeah, so UA, UA, so so one action item, what I would say is so so far we have discussions like four page discussions and some context. We have taken it. That context would still organise it. What context we need to pick and give it to the tool, something like the Manus.
And our objective goal and what exactly we're going to do in the phase one, give it it will light it and you need to do it, build a architecture diagram, flow diagram, everything. It's component we'll understand. Then we will test it while testing.
The outcome, the functionality and nonfunctional results. Based on that, we will again ask questions. Which component is causing problem in the nonfunctional requirements and which problem is having less accuracy in the functional? We'll try to put alternate components, libraries, then version one, version 2, version three, we can iterate it, then we can build a system which can.
Solve a single problem.
Right. OK. So this is a a technique for building anything, but we can take the UA like first in this open source libraries, we can use it in the first version. Later it comes in. How much of it wants let it have how much bug it wants. But once you start seeing the output then you can able to.
Complete the loop. Mm-hmm. Right. You need to put yourself as a the engineer builder or creator for three days. 4th day. You need to put yourself as a user.
Right. Put all the feedbacks. Now you'll get a different thought process for the customised requirement. How to fine tune the implementation methodologies, your design techniques? Right, different parallel possibilities, benchmarking. Then you come up with A1 robust system.
OK.
Understand. Yeah. OK. Context. Organise. Stop.
This is over you.
The code problem we are trying to solve and these are the models we have, I think this is based on the last recording. We'll go to some other MD files, whatever we ended earlier.
So we need to set the goal and we need to do the first. Small VOC is for the separation. You're doing the back end, the core engine, right? It's already seeing some output. Yeah, that we need to review. Review, right? Actually, we'll complete this organising the text. Right. You take some 4.3 right and then we are talking.
Yeah. So we'll take all the discussion points. Everything is there in MD, right? Yeah. Transcription. All the MD files. You will take it until. Hey.
To develop, to generate the context for building the UA component for this platform, identify the goals from the discussion points. Should we open the ChatGPT and then?
Yeah, uh, we have to ChatGPT on the GRL text cloud over morning here.
OK. We can take from this transcript. Is this fine?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like. But I mean, between. OK, we'll probably stick with it.
Yeah, if Mike enable panita.
Help me to.
Fine tune this prompt.
By setting the goal from the input data that I have given here different empty files.
Identify the goal to build 1.
The building the UI component of this PLP platform.
The first prototype.
To render the.
Data generative from the prototype of the code engine.
In a different views.
Yeah.
Now we'll go to the MB files to help me to find this round file setting to go from, you know, going to take that you able to create MB bytes now.
I I think identific battle draft in Boria.
After going.
Of the code to build the UA component. It's been good now using Manus.
Manage a cursor in a clock cursor. A clot of minus ideal clock.
The.
How do you take the stand from the ChatGPT. Yes, using ChatGPT.
OK. And let's do the like it's like initial.
Problem definition on the requirements using ChatGPT execution implementation using either as well as not anything, right?
In the top basement.
Problem definition and then the barrier of other thing. It is in that our English.
If you're OK MD fail, only the failure. I'm not. I'm only going to test it with the phone. I'll go where you only receive prototype one minute. OK, then maybe select, you know. Copy this when you put the you know.
Even then, the and that you will have implementation.
Using.
Man, I'm sorry. Perceptive.
OK.
And the end audio company, we need the transcript with it.
But one usual addition and the unification.
It means it on that list and run relax like.
See this discuss point. Different level also don't know any experience.
It isn't listed good for your code engine implementation, right? It's that does it has any connection to the UI.
1 speakers I just wanted to use engagement to. In fact, we'll ask see if you're opponent right after 10 minutes they will be out. So you'll need to monitor.
Then how much the ignorement they have? Accordingly, you know the stories and they are feeling very rosy or new. And you need to discuss. OK. OK. Yeah.
I do you goto.com.
Yeah.
Hey.
Contacts which one of code are they? Contacts, but they're essentially the contacts doing something else.
What it has to do that file lines, how much levels it has to the UI, even the UI that right then put it go for the next paragraph. OK, come this and put it. Come with this. Go do action only. This so that you don't have to come back here again. First me another copy with spending go and I think putting the thing for that.
Yeah.
You don't think you can run on the platform UA component using platform using the portal control expanding using.
Space. Yeah, using the platform for for using platform for problem definition or requirement using ChatGPT execution ChatGPT and execution implementation using the particular ChatGPT and execution implementation.
Using Manas, our cursor first prototype to render the data on the mother copy this particular on the.
On the 1st 2 transcript.
The transcript under competition and competition markers, OK, and the group description, the group is then there is Google or rather giant monitors. They they know that they solves many problems it can.
On your customers based on but the third one, the data on privacy technical implementation.
With a significant proportion of talk focuses on datas and noting that you will restrict the particular set, it will be restricted about the OK on the data policy. But now letting we just told the script different speakers through frequency and modelling so they observe.
Either in the back end models of organise next one, the fluid intelligence. Yeah, I do without any gramme. Yes. Then propose to solution. And what's splitting the same? Yeah. Either to the class. Either pick up with 20 clock in the.
OK editor.
OK, as a meeting concludes, the team decides to take this and then discuss a little bit from the local compute using the long enough analogy for the team of which is like building a custom car or being the MD failing.
That's OK, I'll do the Radha. The ending on being 20 and the OK either in the modules or module.
So we don't do the modules left first module anything OK we do on the and the objective.
Yeah.
You know, first thing, I don't need them views speaker together focus on content.
Internet Internet layout I don't know.
Of course.
Anything I forget password code, the don't password OK password.
It is a fine-tuned gold prompt you can paste into that CPT minus server. So to try the UI build for your PLP platform based on input data you shared interactive learning, dynamic personalization for panel.
The screen EAA process to ask question my main maps diagrams IQ, baseline, Curiosity injection first the summary's OK you can also try fine you on the goal for PLP product plus UX plus.
PNP the UA will render and then show this data so this way so generates questions. User engagement in this HQ, basement, understanding level, summarise and my maps diagrams. PST comes contents in this.
Primary goal building a working UI component prototype that can take mock Jason outputs from the core engine from different MD phase and enter them into multiple interactive use. This prototype is focused on problem definition plus vector once validating.
Using transit team and execution product problem definition from input data, loose engagement during broadcasting, the platform must monitor involvement continuously. Example, after 10 minutes they may drop off.
Interrupt at the right time to ask questions and reengage like a quotes. Jim End times and then continue. Adapt content dynamically based on new each user's behaviour, plus understanding all provide visual first learning gates, mind maps, diagrams.
Two word summaries, just like queues instead of long test queues. Curious injection. So just questions to help user learn how to ask their phone prototypes. Go face one UA, create a single landing screen that supports 4 panels with screen layout. Then the main session view.
Split into core section while Media podcast content displaying and the top Left Media podcast play area marked if needed. Top break a pass plus question. Current question answering for submit and I'll see bottom left visual intelligence.
That'd be 400 QSP injection, quick summaries, two word summary part suggested questions we should close. OK, engagement monitoring for slight paper include an encouragement monitor widget shows, engagement level high, medium low shows a drop off risk after time.
10 minutes checkpoint to the UI prompts micro actions from like stretches jump quick activity when engagement is low. OK, adaptive content flow when user answers your question, update the user understanding level like previously now.
Proxy update next to recommended question said update mind map or diagram not OK update curiosity prompts OK in the notes node level, the adaptive content flow level the OK as they've used on that on the different.
Add simple top time to switch between session view. OK four panel and mind map. Full screen diagram. Full screen inside timeline in one data contract line and asking the UAE rescue. So yeah you can connect so high level.
Yeah, right. I just do one mock up, right. Can go to the D script.
Type this descriptor demo.
This go to go to Google Type this demo.
Yeah, go with the first one.
Yeah, I think the market Scroll down.
A little on the image.
Yeah. Thanks.
OK, this is a fact.
Audio processing right text to it has a lot of features like this is one UAE is interacting with the user and this is a different all of this I can say like first of all if we are experienced we have connect variable with the text.
Right, 20% on which hundred based on the text, right? So I want view for the text right after that.
The the video will go on here, then the podcast. Hmm. Right. Start over here. Right. And then.
After one minute, some contact discovered that mind map high level view zooming view. Here we can put the zoom out view mind map.
With some infographics, images. Right. Well, you can able to.
We can able to give the data to the user so that they can able to zoom in and zoom out again just from zoom in view and zoom out view.
Right. So basically what happens is if you have like one paragraph here and select three paragraphs in the text, is that under whenever the recording is, the focus is going on, we can highlight each.
You get the attention which part of the text is being from OK, right, but sometimes by only listening audio we can generate some understanding, but by looking up to it right out of memory will trigger action memory to trigger captions. Yeah, the paragraph before it paragraph quickly you can able to make some.
They come back here right then after one minute you can see the overview. Then we can ask for other questions again. We can expand them right again. For those questions, you can expand this. So here we can put the kind of restrict.
The usual. Then your questions content. Then you can able to easily navigate it right then while clicking here also they can able to navigate it.
That's it. Navigation is important. Zooming or zooming in like that. You got a point, right?
Like that you can put some layout maybe in the figma or something, right? You can try to take this is navigation component Content Department site and that we can do idea something then try to.
For this we can try to use some open source. This is actually everything is output right, not very interactive. It's just click clicking on linking right like in the next level each this component we can take it might a map or to customise it if from some other.
It's like everything. They cannot be able to give any redo it. They will get some idea. They may try to go and add one more here, modify, expand, add some images right further custom changes or documental edition. Custom documents. Yeah, that explodes differently that's active.
OK, right. That's a deep value we can do with this that can become. It's like it's one of the good solution, OK. Problems. OK. It can we can apply this to anywhere. This this this way and like borrow this also.
OK.
Right. Call down, wait for some other thing. You can take one screenshot and put it there.
Free chat. Yeah. And the key that I'll go somewhere to compare 9 the calendar. Hmm. Yeah. Sound down. There's one.
Start up.
No.
Yeah. Do you look at this, it is highlighting, right? Mm-hmm. So like this, we can just write it as in many codes. Mm-hmm. Skype. Scroll down.
In C3 DOT there is one image right? Can you take give it?
Last time we discussed the the last comment descript so it's descript 10 of.
Is the one.
When you play it right, it will hail it. What is that? OK, what is the current text or word? OK.
Tell me now and on this next one.
We here we can each contacts which is covered in the partners. You can add it and add it in different colours. Then we can put some text together. These are complex in this part in that part something OK.
Nothing. What's it, Phineas?
Yeah. Have you got some idea? I will prepare from for some.
OK, let's OK.

Balasubramanian K stopped transcription
